README.md, before:

# Hi, I am GDDario

![GDDARIO's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gddario&show_icons=true&theme=blue_navy)

Hello, I'm Gabriel Dário. I have loved technology since I was little, and when I discovered what could be done with computers and how it was done, the thrill of finding solutions to complex challenges and building applications arose. I am also a Linux enthusiast. I share some of my journey and projects here on GitHub.

## Tech Stack

<div style="display: inline_block;">
  <img align="middle" alt="php" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="laravel" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="livewire" height="30" width="40"src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/livewire/livewire-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;" />
  <img align="middle" alt="javascript" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="typescript" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="react" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="dart" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="flutter" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
</div>

## Personal projects I’m working on at the moment

Here is a list of personal projects that i'm currently working on:
- [Personal Finance](https://github.com/gdDario/personal-finance) - A Flutter application for managing personal expenses and tracking spending, created to study the framework and the Dart Language.
- [Nota Por Nota](https://github.com/gdDario/personal-finance) - Graduation project - a software for music therapy.
- Profissional curriculum website.

#### If you want to talk to me, send an email to gd.dario.dev@gmail.com. I will reply as soon as possible.

<!---
GDDario/GDDARIO is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Add my thought about excellence in README.md

README.md, after:

# Hi, I am GDDario

![GDDARIO's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gddario&show_icons=true&theme=blue_navy)

Hello, I'm Gabriel Dário. I have loved technology since I was little, and when I discovered what could be done with computers and how it was done, the thrill of finding solutions to complex challenges and building applications arose. I am also a Linux enthusiast. I share some of my journey and projects here on GitHub.

I believe that excellence comes from discipline, effort and desire. 👑

## Tech Stack

<div style="display: inline_block;">
  <img align="middle" alt="php" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="laravel" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/laravel/laravel-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="livewire" height="30" width="40"src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/livewire/livewire-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;" />
  <img align="middle" alt="javascript" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="typescript" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="react" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="dart" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="middle" alt="flutter" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
</div>

## Personal projects I’m working on at the moment

Here is a list of personal projects that i'm currently working on:
- [Personal Finance](https://github.com/gdDario/personal-finance) - A Flutter application for managing personal expenses and tracking spending, created to study the framework and the Dart Language.
- [Nota Por Nota](https://github.com/gdDario/personal-finance) - Graduation project - a software for music therapy.
- Profissional curriculum website.

#### If you want to talk to me, send an email to gd.dario.dev@gmail.com. I will reply as soon as possible.

<!---
GDDario/GDDARIO is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
